---
layout: page
title: Bridging the gap between Discrete Symbolic Planning and Optimization-based Robot Control
image:
  feature: abstract-5.jpg
comments: false
modified: 2015-05-15
---

# Abstract

Symbolic reasoners generate plans which are often
not exploiting the robot capabilities and are sensitive to runtime
disturbances. This work proposes a scheduler as an interface
between a discrete, symbolic plan and a motion control based
on constraint optimization. Acting as a local reasoner, the
scheduler valuates a set of predicates to decide when an action
will be executed. Given a task specification which describes
how the action should be realized, the scheduler configures
the controller at runtime. A demonstration will be provided
considering an “open drawer” scenario.

# Authors

  * Enea Scioni (University of Leuven, Belgium and University of Ferrara, Italy)
  * Gianni Borghesan (University of Leuven, Belgium)
  * Herman Bruyninckx (University of Leuven, Belgium and Technical University of Eindhoven, the Netherlands)
  * Marcello Bonfè (University of Ferrara, Italy)

# See you at ICRA! "Control Architectures and Behavior Based" Session ,Friday 29th May, Seattle!

# Videos and Multimedia

## Video Attached to the Paper
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="//www.youtube.com/embed/SlWXsVWOR-o" frameborder="0"> </iframe>

## Extras

Coming Soon

# Presentation

The presentation slides will be available after the conference.

# Paper

The paper will be available after the conference. However, it is available in the conference proceedings.